Add recommendation for licensing to Staging Process (#41)
swicg/potential-charters: stage-process.md

process requirements and how the groups will progress their work, the W3C
process has precedent.

> It is recommended that work undertaken within this staging process should be done

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommended that work undertaken intending to be adopted 
by this staging process consider beginning its unofficial work already
```

Reviewer 2: +1 to this suggestion, merging it in.
